Boot camp is the initial training that all military members go through.
So you go to this place near the Chicago area and they put you in
a division, it's about maybe thirty people or so. It's very very strict
there. Everybody's in bunk beds and be teach you how to make your
bed, but it's in a very special way. All the creases have to be aligned
perfectly, all of the sheets have to be super clean and facing
the same way. So it's not, when they teach you to make this bed, it's
not the fact that they want you to make a bed this way, it's the
fact that they're looking to make sure that you can follow directions.
They give you a list of steps and they make sure that number one
you don't talk back to them, number two that you do it at the time that
it is supposed to be done, at six o'clock or at five o'clock in
the morning, with you standing outside of your bed with it already been
made. They make sure that there's nothing on the bed or inside the
bed, or that it's all made the same way. So there's a lot that goes
into making this bed. So I'm mentioning this bed part because everything
about boot camp is the exact same way, from the books that you
train on, to the knots that you're making, to the way that you do
your drills. It's not that they're trying to teach you these things,
they are but they're actually filtering out who has no problem with
following directions and who needs a little bit more time to train
in these things, and for some reason like let's say you come from a
bad neighborhood, you don't like being talked to and yelled at, those
are people that would have problems if they go out into the real
service. So they take those people to the side, maybe they're in boot
camp for a little bit longer or maybe they actually get kicked out
of boot camp. But by the time you get done with your three months or
four months of boot camp, you should have a good idea of what discipline
is like, and how to follow directions from the simplest of tasks
to the more complex tasks.